For now i will use this as my progress document.

1/14/2023
This week i have went over the syllabus, started to read code is law and am expecting to finish the homework associated with it sometime tonight or tomorrow morning before work. 
Creating a github account is something that i have already accomplished in the past so i decided to create a new public repository for this class instead.



1/22/2023

Week 2 there has been no siginifcant changes since week 1, i am still ultimately lost in the course with how 
we will manage the project / teams / partners etc. both classes have been cancelled/unable to be accessed. 
I accomplished the tasks given in week 2 with the progress document/reading document/ and the discussion posts.

For now, next week i hope to accomplish a basic understanding of the course structure surround the project and groups 
and to continue completing the submissions on time. 




1/29/2023

Week 3 we have finally decided on a group and project for the class. Myself izzat and soren will be creating a website where users
can find homeless shelters near them as well as provide donations such as clothes, blankets, food etc. We have created a discord group
to talk to eachother as well as creating a github together. 
I also finished my discussion this week after reading the chapter we had been assigned

For next week i hope to accomplish a more complete understanding of our project as well as laying out some deadlines (hopefully) for our group. 


2/5/2023

Week 4 we have gotten a new member to our group as well as finalized the group members completely. Our project that we had decided beforehand 
was what we decided to go with but we have not made contact with our 4th member as he has not messaged us back. We created a github organization account
so that we can collaborate on the project while seeing who does what and providing some fail safes in case of disaster.

Next week i hope to start beginning actual work on the project and getting a good meeting schedule going with our group to lay out who does what. 





2/12/2023

Week 5 we have been collaborating through discord gathering info on potential API's and things that we could implement into the project
we have also finally made contact with our 4th member getting his email and discord information.

For next week i hope to begin an actual physical webpage or at least something of that nature. 


2/19/2023

 created a database in MySQL and rendered some data using PHP. created the registration and login page. 
 
 next week we hope to continue progress to have a working prototype by week 10
